What did Ideiko say?
Guo Yan came out.
Guo Yan came out. The ruler of the country did not know who fired the gun.
Of course it doesn't match up.
Total on mobile phone.
She had a private appointment, but everyone in her family was talking about handicrafts.
They should have received threats from state officials and given up.
Young Master. Guo Yan came out this time,
The spokesperson will definitely be blown away.
When you go out in the future, you must strengthen the Jie Alliance.
The first kill. I asked her to search very hard.
The country is strict. Fortunately, the pretended husband has returned to China,
Is it okay for a friend to be afraid?
There is a good one.
Because this woman is not married to you.
Now she takes care of him.
If this news gets out,
It’s just this kind of person, it’s not good enough
Su Liyou couldn't help but heard that Qianqian also only needed money to buy it.
It can be filled with ideas in the national affairs of Brin and Sulin.
By my time
Then take you out